# Roll-the-Dice
Roll the Dice In games with two dice (such as Monopoly), rolling two 6-sided dice and getting the same side or number on both dice is called "doubles" i.e. the first die rolls a 5 and the second die rolls a 5 at the same time). One special type of "doubles" roll is called "snake eyes," which is rolling two l's at the same time. The most common size of dice used in games today is the 6-sided dice, but there are plenty of other sizes available. For example, popular role-playing games such as Dungeons and Dragons use dice with a variety of sizes, such as 4, 12 and 20 sided dice. Taking n as the sides of dice and using a while loop, validation for n is done. Here first, the program will ask no. of slides and iterates the whole until a valid number(4,6,12,20). You can change the slides valid values if you want. Then I initialized rolled, double variables with  value 0 and l_1, l_2 lists with no values. And then I generated two random numbers for 2 dies. Then I checked the values with three conditions 1.Snake eyes 2.Double 3.no snake eyes. And then updated the values of variables rolled,double,l_1,l_2. And then called the function play  recursively until snake eyes are found and then printed mentioned values. After that , an infinite loop  is created , which is broken when we get snake eyes, otherwise we keep finding the random  numbers and doubles variable count the number of doubles.                            avg1 keeps summing the results of dice1 and finally takes the average by dividing it by count.               avg2 keeps summing the results of dice2 and finally takes the average by dividing it by count.
